# Azure Consistent Security

Access to a storage account is only available through the Storage resource provider. There are two methods of securely accessing a storage account:

1. **Access keys:** These are used by applications that require access to the storage account. Each storage account has a pair of keys. You can configure applications to use either key. However, we strongly recommended that you use one of the two provided keys. When you decide to change the access keys, you should update the applications to use the unused key and then reset the key the applications are using. You can store the access keys in an Azure/Azure Stack Key Vault.

2. **Shared Access Signature (SAS):** This is a URI generated by Azure/Azure Stack that can grant certain privileges on the storage account to the holder of the URI. You can place the following restrictions on a SAS-generated URI:

    - Allowed services. This could be Blob, Table, Queue, or a mixture.

    - Allowed resource types. Service, Container, Object, or a mixture.

    - Allowed permissions. Read, Write Delete, List, Add, Create, Update, Process, or a mixture.

    - Start and Expiry date/time. The date/time from when the SAS token can be used from to the date/time the token expires.

    - Allowed IP Addresses. This option allows you to specify where the SAS URI can be used from.

    - Allowed Protocols. HTTPS or HTTP and HTTPS.

    - Signing Key. This specifies which Access Key to use to generate the SAS URI(s).

After an SAS URI has been generated, you can share it with the appropriate individuals or applications.